Update zk-census-proof voteValue input to 2-bigint (#70)
vocdoni/docs: src/architecture/protocol/anonymous-voting/zk-census-proof.md

            - `while (siblings.length < this.levels) siblings.push(BigInt(0));`
- *index*: determined by the Vochain when adding the *User*'s *zkCensusKey* into the *CensusTree*
- *secretKey*: generated by the *User*
- *voteValue*: value of the *User* vote, composed by two big integers.
  - The raw user vote is an array of values and its values does not need to be checked in the circuit, and furthermore, the values can be encrypted.

>   - The way how we encode the votes values (being an array of values or just a byte array directly from the encryption output) is by computing `sha256(vote_array)` and split the output (32-bytes) into 2 16-bytes arrays, converting them into bigints.

Reviewer: Explain why we are spliting in two 16 byte bigInts please

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Since the encoded vote values may not fit into a constant number of circuit inputs, we calculate a summary of the raw user vote using an EVM-friendly hash function: `sha256(vote_bytes)`.  The output of the sha256 hash is slightly bigger than the field used in SNARKS, so we split the hash output (32-bytes) into 2 16-byte arrays, take them as integers and use them as circuit inputs.
```
I've rewritten the sentence so explain why we split the hash.

>     - `sha256` hash is used, as if needed in the future it can be [verified inside](https://github.com/iden3/circomlib/blob/master/circuits/sha256/sha256.circom) the circuit (assuming the needed constraints for it).

Reviewer 2: This is a minor comment but I don't understand what the sentence `assuming the needed constraints for it` refers to.

Author: It was to refer that when doing this, it will require more constraints in the circuit. I'll change the sentence to be more clear.
